chore: aws cdk v2 migration troubleshooting (#4990)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/project/troubleshooting.mdx

If you have previously deployed an application using GraphQL transformer V1 and have decided to migrate to GraphQL transformer V2, go through the [GraphQL transformer migration documentation](/cli/migration/transformer-migration/#changes-that-amplify-cli-will-auto-migrate-for-you) to understand the impact of the migration on the schema directives and limitations prior to updating.
You can confirm the version of the GraphQL transformer using the `amplify status` command. You can also inspect the `transformerversion` feature flag in `${project-root}/amplify/cli.json`, to confirm.

### Version 11 migration from AWS CDK V1 to V2
If the Amplify project has been deployed with an Amplify CLI version prior to 11.0.0 that utilizes overrides or custom resources, go through the [AWS CDK migration documentation](/cli/migration/aws-cdk-migration/).

> If the problem persists, create an issue [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=pending-triage&template=1.bug_report.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the problem persists, [create an issue](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=pending-triage&template=1.bug_report.yaml)
```

> Learn more about the CDK Migration at:
>    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/migrating-v2.html

Reviewer: Taking it a step further,

```suggestion
[Learn more about migrating to CDK v2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/migrating-v2.html)
```

If you have previously deployed an application using GraphQL transformer V1 and have decided to migrate to GraphQL transformer V2, go through the [GraphQL transformer migration documentation](/cli/migration/transformer-migration/#changes-that-amplify-cli-will-auto-migrate-for-you) to understand the impact of the migration on the schema directives and limitations prior to updating.
You can confirm the version of the GraphQL transformer using the `amplify status` command. You can also inspect the `transformerversion` feature flag in `${project-root}/amplify/cli.json`, to confirm.

> ### Version 11 migration from AWS CDK V1 to V2

Reviewer 2: should this be a separate page in "Migrations and backwards compatibility"?

> If the Amplify project has been deployed with an Amplify CLI version prior to 11.0.0 that utilizes overrides or custom resources, follow the steps below to migrate:

Reviewer 2: Also add some context as to "why" you need to migrate. What's changing? Why does it affect the customer?

1. For Amplify projects using `overrides`:

>    Upgrade `@aws-amplify/cli-extensibility-helper` to version `^3.0.0`

Reviewer 2: Where do I upgrade this? What file?

> 2. For Amplify projects using `custom`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. For Amplify projects using `amplify add custom`:
```

>    Update `package.json` for `custom` categories as shown below: 

Reviewer 2: Where's this package located?

>    ![Amplify overrides warning](/images/ts-guide-cdk-package.png)

Reviewer 2: Maybe use ```diff annotation instead of a picture

>    And update `cdk-stack.ts` for `custom` categories as shown below: 

Reviewer 2: where's the "cdk-stack.ts" file located?

   ![Amplify custom warning](/images/ts-guide-cdk.png)

> If the problem persists, create an issue [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=pending-triage&template=1.bug_report.yaml)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the problem persists, create an issue [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=pending-triage&template=1.bug_report.yaml).
```

If you have previously deployed an application using GraphQL transformer V1 and have decided to migrate to GraphQL transformer V2, go through the [GraphQL transformer migration documentation](/cli/migration/transformer-migration/#changes-that-amplify-cli-will-auto-migrate-for-you) to understand the impact of the migration on the schema directives and limitations prior to updating.
You can confirm the version of the GraphQL transformer using the `amplify status` command. You can also inspect the `transformerversion` feature flag in `${project-root}/amplify/cli.json`, to confirm.

### Version 11 migration from AWS CDK V1 to V2

> If you have deployed an application which is using overrides or custom resources prior to Amplify CLI version 11.0.0, follow the steps below to migrate: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the Amplify project has been deployed with an Amplify CLI version prior to 11.0.0 that utilizes overrides or custom resources, follow the steps below to migrate: 
```

> ### Migration from Amplify version using AWS CDK V1 to V2
> If you have previously deployed an application based on Amplify version < 11.0.0 which is using overrides or custom resources, you can follow the below guide if you are in process of migration amplify version 10 to 11: 

Reviewer 5: I suggest simplifying the wording a bit:

```suggestion
### Version 11 migration from AWS CDK V1 to V2
If you have deployed an application which is using overrides or custom resources prior to Amplify CLI version 11.0.0, follow the steps below to migrate:
```

Additionally, is there any CDK documentation we can point that detail any breaking changes? I see this migration guide is in troubleshooting, but I think it makes more sense to have a standalone entry in the `Migration & Backwards Compatibility` section of the docs.

Author: There is no migration steps involved for most of the users as amplify with `cdkv2` is almost a non breaking change.

I was confused to have it in migration section. This documentation helps when customers manually upgrade their package.json and `.ts` file to upgrade to `cdkv2` and  this link will be in the warning message if Cx are on `cdkV1`.

I have added `cdkv2` documentation at the end .

1. For Amplify projects using `overrides`:
   Upgrade `@aws-amplify/cli-extensibility-helper` to version `^3.0.0`
2. For Amplify projects using `custom`:
   Update `package.json` for `custom` categories as shown below: 
   ![Amplify overrides warning](/images/ts-guide-cdk-package.png)
   And update `cdk-stack.ts` for `custom` categories as shown below: 
   ![Amplify custom warning](/images/ts-guide-cdk.png)

> If the problem still persists, follow the below link to file a github issue:
>    https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=pending-triage&template=1.bug_report.yaml

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
If the problem persists, create an issue [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=pending-triage&template=1.bug_report.yaml)
```

> To know more about the CDK Migration procedure, follow the below link:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Learn more about the CDK Migration procedure at:
```
